i
and you, you
hello all motherfuckers today I'll go
to the supermarket to buy ice cream but
before I'll tell you a joke xd
hey shit cameraman I still have not
said the joke that a chick says
but fuck let me tell the joke
well it does not matter I'm close to the
supermarket but before arriving there
you want to give me a little kiss
shit
add
Fuck me save less bad that I arrived
what are those guys doing there xd
xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd
xd xd xd
textile extended xd in English and
xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd xd
xd xd xd xd xd hahahahaha
shit I do not understand anything but I feel
Offended better I enter to buy my ice cream
hey fucking fat give me an ice cream or you
I kill to blows xd
first of all I 'm not fat and
second if you want to buy an ice cream
have to find the yeti of the
mysterious ice cream
and kill him I have no problem where
is in the chile mountain fuck better me
I go once
fucking black luck
one millisecond later
finally arrive but first a dance
sensual lalalala xd
I ring the phone to the president
I'm busy
to greg lie x to continue dancing
sensual and horny mind la la la la la
la la li lihui I do not download it because
I already have it my song is the best I am
immortal hahaha good let's go up that
shit mountain but look who's there
it's my uncle asshole and marley gets you
the donkey and you get it shit that are
doing here
we came to kill diet and ice cream
mysterious
but the asshole of your uncle asshole
he brought the wrong vehicle
and you told me we were going to explore
the depths of the unknown do not
I was referring to those depths now
we have to go walking all the way
I can accompany them I am also
looking for the ice cream yeti
mysterious
I do not care who decides is your
uncle asshole
I do not care as long as it does not get carried away
all the ice creams well then let's go up
it cost us to climb but we arrived
legs hurt
now we have to be silent if not
we want the yeti to catch us
let's try to approach slowly
let's be careful
it can be close
they did not hear it angeliki truth I will
it must be you you you you your imagination I
I did not hear anything anything I think if
be you
do not
ah
shit
Sour crap and shit
sweet I say sour fuck we do it with
these chainsaws that we find if neither
even the mighty yeti will be able to
this
While
sweet
let's keep running the weapons do not work
against him he cornered us we are going to die
we're lost I just wanted a little
of ice cream for my cock
ah
good
Fuck was done less badly than the yetis
They do not know how to handle tanks in the mountains
yes and now my cock will not hurt
jajajajaja xddddd that happens to you for want
face the big cj and to celebrate
I peed on you ha ha ha ha ha ha
ja
do not
so everyone ate ice cream and they were
end happily ever after
If you do not give me this video like the
I'll kill all of them
two
no no